SNOW-203: WTW case study (#248)
Lombiq/GitHub-Actions: Readme.md

[Check out a demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhMnX0TsybM) on our YouTube channel, and the Orchard Harvest 2023 conference talk about automated QA in Orchard Core [here](https://youtu.be/CHdhwD2NHBU).

> We at [Lombiq](https://lombiq.com/) also used this module for the following projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We at [Lombiq](https://lombiq.com/) also used these workflows for the following projects:
```
